did you know today tonight was Mardi
Gras the biggest day of the year for
plastic penis whistles with glitter on
them hands down
Mardi garage translates from French to
Fat Tuesday today's Fat Tuesday next
week is Super Tuesday and then the week
after that super fat Taco Tuesday so we
have a lot to look forward to the
Democrats are squabbling again in
Charleston tonight
this is debate number 10 for the
Democrats and one of the big questions
going into this was how Mike Bloomberg
would respond to his poor showing at the
debate last week so far Bloomberg spent
about five hundred million dollars to
get smacked around by Elizabeth Warren
on television his primary goal on the
goal of all the candidates tonight was
to try to knock off the number-one guy
Bernie Sanders Bernie as you know has a
lot of plans expensive plans but he's
smart he's no dummy every time one of
the other candidates s who's gonna pay
for these programs
he'd just point to Bloomberg and says
him meanwhile President Trump is on his
way back home from India where he was
well buttered by their prime minister
who they had a big public event to
welcome Trump and that pleased our
leader who and this is gonna surprise
you believes the reception he got was
like nothing the Indian people had ever
given before they say the history of
India which has a long history and a
brilliant history in so many different
ways there's never been a reception
given to somebody like was given and I
would like to say for the United States
of America but nobody else that came
here got the kind of reception we go of
course he got a big reception they love
cows in India
Trump went on to overestimate the size
of the crowd even though there were
thousands of empty seats in the stadium
while he was speaking and people were
leaving while he was speaking the Donald
brain translated that to mean there were
fans lined up outside waiting to get in
125,000 I think seats they had yesterday
they were full you're thousands and
thousands of people outside prime
minister modi was telling me thousands
of people outside that's not uncommon
for me to be honest they've never seen
anything like it
somebody said it was the greatest
greeting ever given to any head of state
any country who said that who is that
was that someone in a mirror and looks
just like you and when he was done
bragging about the size of his crowd he
took some time to talk about Isis well I
don't think anybody's done more than I
have if you look because I came in and
if you check your maps and look at Iraq
and Syria it was all over in fact they
hadn't painted a certain color I won't
tell you what color because it doesn't
matter somebody they say it was a
Republican color so I don't want to get
people confused but it was it happened
to be red he must be great with
surprises
baron i know it's your birthday tomorrow
I don't want to say we're throwing you a
party but we're throwing you a party
Melania made the B best of her trip to
India the first lady took part today and
what they call a Happiness class in New
Delhi and that's interesting that she
did that because what in the world would
make Melania think she might need a HAP
oh wait
Melania doesn't either have in this
class she needs an escape plan and a
grappling hook
they were we did learn some interesting
things about Donald Trump's health today
as the former White House dr. Ronnie
Jackson told the New York Times that he
regrets not being able to do more to
improve the president's diet and
exercise Jackson also revealed some of
the creative strategies they used on
Trump to try to keep him healthy now
before I show this keep in mind this is
a real quote from a man who was the
actual doctor for the actual president
the United States all right we were
working on his diet we were making the
ice cream less accessible we were
putting cauliflower into the mashed
potato that is what we do with our
five-year-old at home imagine eat
cauliflower into the president's mashed
potatoes and hide the ice cream as if
you're camping and you don't want to get
bears in the camp Trump this morning
weighed in on dr. Jackson's claim he
defended himself tweeting it was a
perfect cauliflower another medical news
the stock market was down a lot again
today in part because of the corona
virus which is spreading in fact three
people in our theater no just kidding
you know this morning the president
tweeted that the corona virus is very
much under control in the USA which
means we're in a lot of trouble but I
mean we just found out they had to trick
him into eating vegetables do we really
think he has a handle on the corona
virus and by the way have you seen the
corona virus I mean like the microscopic
I googled it today and I don't know what
I was expecting but I was kind of
surprised because it's it looks more
like a homemade Christmas ornament on
Etsy that charming little bauble is
trying to kill us so one person who is
not concerned about the corona virus is
recent Presidential Medal of Freedom
winner Rush Limbaugh the corona virus is
being weaponized as yet another element
to bring down Donald Trump now I want to
tell you the truth about the corona
virus what you think I'm wrong about
this you think I'm missing it by saying
it's yeah I'm dead right on this the
corona viruses is is the
common cold but well that's great news
just Chuck a little bit of robitussin
he'll be fine it doesn't seem like a
cold in China where health officials and
even police are working around the clock
to try to contain it
this is video this is a real coronavirus
drill from China you know what when the
SWAT team can't get the job done sending
the guy with the pool skimmer and while
there may not be a vaccine for the
coronavirus disgraced cell evangelist
Jim Baker appears to have the next best
thing for the low low price of only 125
bucks this influenza that is now
circling the globe
you're saying that Silver's solution
would be effective well let's say it
hasn't been tested on this strain of the
corona virus but it's been tested on
other strange on of the corona virus and
has been able to eliminate it within 12
hours yeah totally dominated kills it
and deactivates it yeah and then it
boosts your immune system so then you
can support the recovery because when
you kill the virus then the immune
system comes into action to clear it out
so you want a vibrant immune system as
well as an ability to deactivate these
viruses yeah it's really good that
product is about as real as Harvey
Weinstein's Walker
silver solutions I got to know about
ladies who solve mysteries this Jim
Baker by the way is quite the character
I don't remember him how this guy came
back after pocketing all that money from
his church really is a miracle but you
know what he prayed his way through this
is a very prayerful man this is a man
who even prays about what he wears to
get dressed and good and God I pray
about what I wear I really do I know I
look stupid sometimes but the last time
God told me to wear a color was red
right I remember and what happened that
day the stock market crashed upon days
ago that's right remember that yes yeah
that was the day he stopped dressing
like spider-man to work but I need to be
careful because according to Jim God is
going after anyone who makes fun of him
but one day you're gonna shake your fist
in God's face and you're gonna say God
why didn't you warn me and he's gonna
say you sat there and you made fun of
Jim Baker all those years well pack your
bags Guillermo I'm going to hell well
but by all means send him money for sure
thanks for watching if you liked that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it will you hurt my
feelings